OK so now let's create the detail from this.
We have the data available inside maps to proms inside the prompts.
But right now we have this code from the previous version.
So this one is not going work.
We are calling the state of card detail and we didn't have this anymore.
We have stayed the course.
So we are going to need to change it to cars.
Very good.
And since DO went to keep the same thing.
I'm going to say cars equals state cars.
Very good.
So now what do we need to do and with this many many times I'm going to call to a function to map over
this information.
So I'm going to say this and then render detail just simple as that.
OK.
And then this props and that cars since we have access to prompts we access cars from here.
Right.
I'm going to go right here and create a function to do this.
I'm going to say render detail it's going to be equal to something.
And then we just run the function.
Now this and I go I'm going a little bit faster because we did this many times.
So again since we are receiving these problems that the cars and we want to access something that calls
detail right here.
Again it does structure this and I'm going to call detail Burguet since we want to check and do the
loop whenever a detail has information.
I'm going to go and do a conditional and it's going to say if detail but Burguet.
So now we need to run our map so we return we want to map over the detail and say map OK.
Inside the map we can use an item for each iteration and then we just return something and I'm going
to call this item whatever.
OK.
So we want to return some GSX some going to say return.
And inside here we're going to do all the GSX.
OK.
I'm going to wrap everything inside a div and this div is going to have a key.
And this comes from react.
So I'm going to say item dot ID.
OK let's get.
So well right here we're going to add a class because I'm going to add some styles.
Not a lot of styles.
So we can keep this simple and it's going to be a class name of course.
And the class name is going to be car detail.
Let's get.
So should be fine.
Now let's bring the information to.
We can have an image for this.
It's going to be the main image of the car.
It's going to be image source and we're going to use template strings to close it right here.
We do the back ticks and the image is going to be stored in images for Slash and then item that image
item that image and react always x asked us to put it now.
So I'm going to put out an item that image and you can see right here that we're getting the image.
I'm just going to put something OK so let's set up the data.
I'm going to create new dev.
That's going to be a container.
I'm going to add a class name of Constans.
OK.
And inside the content we will add all the information about the car.
So what do we have we have a model.
So I'm going to say H2 too and we can call the item not item that model.
Then we have the brand.
So we do pretty much the same thing.
It's going to be for something smaller and then car Burguet now looks ugly but it works right.
So we have the car.
What else we need to.
I believe that we have the scription.
So I'm going to add P and then item that description.
I did warn of scrip churn frigate and that's it.
You know something simple so we can move forward to the next section and create a project for this.
So right we have the Mustang and I'm not getting the the brand because I'm using car and should be brands.
That's because that's why.
Right.
So we get the image we get the title we get the forward and we get some text.
Going to go to the CSSA And that's just some styling going to be really small.
Can we go right here and I believe I have it here.
I'm just going to copy and paste because I didn't add much.
We have an image 100 percent just space and then the padding.
Just something simple OK.
So let me reload the page you know looks ugly but it works.
You can do something better.
Of course.
So we can have the image the model the brand the text.
It's good.
It's working.
So now we can have a problem with something and maybe file I don't tell you and you start doing your
own projects.
You can stumble with this palm.
So I'm going to give you a name just tell us a little bit about the problem and we can fix it on the
next section because it is kind of long.
So OK.
Let me go to the home right now in the home page.
We have no information.
So if I type for it we get all the list Burguet.
So inside the cars we have cars and just car list and color Burguet.
So if I click a Mustang it's going to go go to the reducers an update read ex-state and that is get
an inside here we have the list.
The detail and we have some information on the detail.
Now if I go back if I just go back.
It's going to give us a new object right here and we're going to have the list.
Of course we're going to have a color.
True.
And we still don't have the detail.
OK it's not leading to detail.
So this is kind of a problem because what happens if I click can Fiesta for example.
It's a different model.
Ok not Mustang.
The application is going to render the debut the component but this information this detail is going
to take.
It could take a few seconds a few milliseconds.
Update the information.
So whenever the page loads you can see a flash of Mustang and then it's going to abduct the state and
then you can see if you're there right now.
It's not going to happen because this application it's local and it's really really fast you know.
But you can see the flash right there.
If I go to focus you can see something blue cause it.
Yeah.
If I if I just do something else.
I'm going to go to network.
Let me just bring this.
Just split this up.
Going to go right here.
Me make it a little bit bigger.
Virgo Arrigo So now inside the day developer tools we have one tool that it's the throttling.
What we can do we can select if it's slow or fast.
So we're going to select slow and just reload the application.
So this one is going to take a few seconds to load.
If you notice it takes awhile it's just simulating a slow phone.
For example I'm going to put maybe something else maybe a D4 because 3G is too slow for me.
It's too slow.
That's fast.
3G that's very good.
OK so let's reload everything.
It's going to take a while to get there.
I'm going to say Ford is going to do the request and then it's going to take some time to load the information.
Right.
So if I go to Mustang it's going to take some time but the state of this item is going to be empty.
So we can have an empty screen.
If I go back and click and Fiesta we get the Mustang and then we get here.
So we have a problem there that we need to fix.
And I can show you how to fix it on the next section.
It's not going to be that long because they did the explaining right here in the section on the next
one I'm going to tell you how to fix it.